CAN I SEE THE COMICS?
THIS IS THE
NEW YORK TIMES.
OKAY, MAY I SEE THE COMICS?
GUYS, I THOUGHT YOU WERE
TAKING ROSS TO THE GAME.
WE ARE.
HE'S MEETING US HERE.
NO. RACHEL IS
MEETING US HERE.
COME ON, THEY CAN BE
IN THE SAME ROOM.
YOU SHOULD'VE BEEN THERE
LAST NIGHT.
WHY? WHAT HAPPENED NOW?
ROSS WAS HANGING OUT
AT OUR PLACE.
RACHEL COMES OVER TO BORROW SOME
MOISTURIZER FROM CHANDLER...
HEY, JOE, WOULD YOU...?
HOW HARD IS IT
TO SAY "SOMETHING"?
"RACHEL CAME OVER TO
BORROW... SOMETHING."
ANYWAY, HER AND ROSS
JUST STARTED YELLING
AT EACH OTHER.
WHY WAS HE YELLING AT HER?
HE'S THE ONE
WHO SLEPT WITH SOMEONE ELSE.
HE SAYS THAT BECAUSE THEY WERE
ON A BREAK WHEN IT HAPPENED
SHE SHOULD'VE FORGIVEN HIM
BY NOW.
WHOA! HE IS SO UNREASONABLE.
GOD!
ALTHOUGH, I THINK I UNDERSTAND
WHAT HE MEANS.
OH, MY GOD.
THIS IS LIKE 60 MINUTES...
OKAY, WHEN AT FIRST
YOU'RE REALLY MAD
AT THAT PHARMACEUTICAL COMPANY
FOR MAKING THE DRUG
AND THEN, YOU KNOW,
YOU JUST FEEL BAD FOR THE PEOPLE
BECAUSE THEY NEEDED
TO MAKE THEIR HAIR GROW.
YOU KNOW WHAT THIS IS LIKE?
THIS IS LIKE WHEN MY PARENTS
GOT DIVORCED.
MAN, I HOPE ROSS DOESN'T TRY
TO KIDNAP ME AFTER CUB SCOUTS.
YOU KNOW, I HAD A DREAM
THAT ROSS AND RACHEL
WERE STILL TOGETHER.
THEY NEVER BROKE UP
AND WE WERE ALL JUST,
LIKE, HANGING OUT
AND EVERYONE WAS HAPPY.
I HAD THE SAME DREAM.
AND NOBODY SLEPT
WITH THAT XEROX GIRL.
OH. I HAD
THE OPPOSITE DREAM.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
MAYBE IT'S GOING
TO BE OKAY.
I MEAN, IT'S BEEN A WEEK.
YEAH. IT'S NEVER TAKEN ME
MORE THAN A WEEK
TO GET OVER
A RELATIONSHIP.
IT'S NEVER TAKEN YOU MORE
THAN A SHOWER TO GET OVER
A RELATIONSHIP.
OKAY, LET'S GO.
LET'S HIT THE ROAD.
LET'S GET THE SHOW ON IT.
LET ME GET
A CUP OF COFFEE.
I KNOW THE BEST COFFEEHOUSE
AND IT'S SO CLOSE.
CLOSER THAN HERE?
HEY, LOOK, LOOK--
I FOUND COFFEE.
OKAY, LET'S SKEDADDLE.
PHEEBS, I'M NOT
GOING TO DRINK
SOMEBODY'S
OLD COFFEE.
OKAY... YOUR HIGHNESS.
( grunts ):
"RACHEL, I'M REALLY SORRY."
"UM, THAT'S OKAY, ROSS.
YOU WANT TO GET BACK TOGETHER?"
"YEAH, OKAY."
DID ANYONE ELSE
HEAR THAT?
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ WHEN IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO POUR ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
( knocking )
IS HE HERE?
NO.
OH. HERE'S YOUR MOISTURIZER.
HI.
HEY.
YOU GUYS ARE GOING
TO LOVE ME.
OKAY, CHECK IT OUT--
THURSDAY NIGHT
FIVE TICKETS.
CALVIN KLEIN LINGERIE SHOW
AND YOU GUYS ARE COMING WITH ME.
OKAY, I SAID THAT
OUT LOUD, RIGHT?
YES. YES. IT'S
JUST THAT WE...
WE KIND OF ALREADY...
MADE PLANS WITH ROSS.
OH.
WELL, OKAY.
WELL, THERE YOU GO.
Phoebe:
NO. IT'S JUST
THAT HE GOT THIS NEW
HOME THEATER DEALY
AND HE WANTS US
TO CHECK IT OUT.
YEAH. HE'S REALLY
EXCITED ABOUT IT, TOO.
EVEN RECORDED SHOW TIMES
ON HIS ANSWERING MACHINE.
WE'RE SORRY, HONEY.
OH, IT'S OKAY.
RACH, IT'S NOT
THAT WE DON'T WANT TO.
REALLY.
ARE WE TALKING
MODELS IN THEIR UNDERWEAR?
AND HEELS.
ROSS DID ASK US FIRST,
AND WE SET THAT NIGHT ASIDE.
NO. HEY, COME ON, YOU KNOW.
IF HE ASKED YOU FIRST,
THAT'S ONLY FAIR.
( groans )
Phoebe:
OH, BOY, DO I FEEL BAD.
OH, YEAH.
Monica:
VERY BAD.
CHANDLER!
CHANDLER, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
OH, MY GOD!
YOU'RE SMOKING AGAIN?
WELL, ACTUALLY,
YESTERDAY I WAS SMOKING AGAIN.
TODAY, I'M...
I'M SMOKING STILL.
BUT WHY WOULD
YOU START AGAIN
AFTER CHEWING ALL
THAT QUITTING GUM?
I'M TELLING YOU, THIS IS
JUST LIKE MY PARENTS' DIVORCE
WHICH IS WHEN I STARTED SMOKING
IN THE FIRST PLACE.
WEREN'T YOU NINE?
YEAH.
I'M TELLING YOU SOMETHING
THAT FIRST SMOKE
AFTER NAPTIME...
( knocking )
OH, THAT'S GREAT.
WITH MY LUCK,
THAT'S GOING TO BE HIM.
HIM? HIM, ROSS?
NO. HIM, 253.
HIS EYES ARE ON THE SPARROW.
WHEN MY PARENTS GOT DIVORCED
IS WHEN I STARTED USING HUMOR
AS A DEFENSE MECHANISM.
HI. UH, DO YOU GUYS HAVE
PLANS FOR THE WEEKEND
BECAUSE I HAVE
MY SISTER ON HOLD
AND SHE SAID
THAT WE COULD HAVE
HER CABIN FOR THE WEEKEND
AND GO SKIING.
HUH? I'M ASKING
YOU FIRST, RIGHT?
I MEAN, I'M PLAYING
BY THE RULES.
YEAH.
CHANDLER!
YOU'RE SMOKING?
WHAT ARE
YOU DOING?
HEY, SHUT UP!
YOU'RE NOT MY REAL MOM.
HEY, CAN YOU CLOSE
THAT WINDOW, CHANDLER?
MY NIPPLES COULD
CUT GLASS OVER HERE.
WAIT, REALLY?
'CAUSE MINE GET ME
OUT OF TICKETS.
LOOK, YOU GUYS,
I JUST WANT TO SAY
I REALLY, REALLY APPRECIATE
YOU SPENDING THIS TIME WITH ME.
IT'S BEEN A PRETTY HARD TIME
RIGHT NOW
SO I JUST WANT TO SAY THANKS.
CAN SOMEBODY ELSE HUG HIM?
I HAVE TO STAY
BY THE WINDOW.
OH, HEY, HEY, HUH?
HOW ABOUT THIS WEEKEND
WE HAVE A LASER DISC MARATHON
AND MAYBE A TOURNAMENT
ON MY NEW...
DART BOARD. HUH? HUH?
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
( Irish accent ):
TWO DAYS OF DARTS.
IT'LL BE GREAT.
IT'LL BE GREAT
FOR NEXT WEEKEND.
NO, NO, NO.
THIS WEEKEND, GUYS.
IT'LL BE GREAT
FOR NEXT WEEKEND.
I MEAN...
( Irish accent ):
IT'LL BE GREAT.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
WE WERE, UM...
SORT OF INVITED TO GO SKIING.
YOU KNOW,
RACHEL'S SISTER'S CABIN.
SO... FOR THE WHOLE WEEKEND?
WE'RE REALLY SORRY
BUT, UM...
SHE DID ASK US FIRST.
YEAH, THAT'S OKAY.
I MEAN, IF YOU GUYS
ALL HAVE TO GO AWAY
FOR THE FIRST WEEKEND I'M
ALONE BY MYSELF, YOU KNOW...
I TOTALLY, TOTALLY UNDERSTAND.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I COULD STAY.
I'M GOING TO STAY.
'CAUSE THE LAST TIME
I WENT SKIING
I WAS TOO AFRAID
TO JUMP OFF THE CHAIR LIFT.
I JUST WENT ROUND AND ROUND.
PHEEBS, WE KIND OF NEED YOU
TO DRIVE EVERYBODY UP THERE
IN YOUR GRANDMOTHER'S CAB,
BUT YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'LL STAY.
NO, I'LL STAY.
HE'S MY BROTHER.
WHAT, A PITY STAY?
NO.
WE'RE GOING TO HAVE FUN.
WE CAN MAKE FUDGE.
PITY FOOD?
YOU KNOW WHAT?
THAT'S OKAY, ALL RIGHT?
I DON'T NEED
ANY OF YOU TO STAY, OKAY?
NOBODY STAYS.
WELL, THEN,
I MIGHT AS WELL OFFER TO STAY.
HEY...
DOES ANYBODY ELSE
FEEL BAD ABOUT ROSS?
WHY? DO YOU THINK
HE'S STILL MAD AT US?
HE'S PROBABLY MORE MAD
SINCE YOU CALLED HIM
THIS MORNING
TO BORROW HIS GOGGLES.
WHAT? MINE AREN'T TINTED.
CHANDLER?
WHAT?
WHAT DOES
THE SIGN SAY?
"BEAM ME UP, JESUS."
NO. THE "NO SMOKING" SIGN.
THERE'S NO SMOKING
IN MY GRANDMOTHER'S CAB.
OKAY, WELL, THEN I HAVE
TO GO TO THE BATHROOM.
NO. NO.
NO UNSCHEDULED STOPS.
YOU CAN GO WHEN
WE STOP FOR GAS.
COME ON. THERE'S A REST STOP
RIGHT UP THERE.
( whining ):
COME ON, I REALLY HAVE TO GO.
OH, NOW I HAVE TO GO!
Chandler:
HERE WE GO.
Monica:
WHAT?
OKAY, BRACE YOURSELVES.
FOR WHAT?
OH!
AREN'T YOU GOING TO GO?
NO. THANK YOU.
NO, RACHEL NEVER PEES
IN PUBLIC REST ROOMS.
WELL, THEY NEVER HAVE
ANY PAPER IN THERE, YOU KNOW
SO MY RULE IS,
NO TISSUE, NO TUSHY.
WELL, IF EVERYBODY'S GOING...
OH, YOU KNOW WHAT,
DON'T CLOSE IT!
THE KEYS ARE IN THERE!
OH, NO, NO, NO, NO!
MY LIGHTER'S IN THERE!
DAMN. THE TAILPIPE'S
NOT HOT ENOUGH TO LIGHT THIS.
RELAX, OKAY?
I CAN GET THIS OPEN.
ANYBODY GOT
A COAT HANGER?
OH, I DO.
OH. NO, WAIT A MINUTE.
I TOOK IT OUT
OF MY SHIRT WHEN I
PUT IT ON
THIS MORNING.
IF YOUR PARENTS
HADN'T GOT DIVORCED
YOU'D BE ABLE
TO ANSWER A QUESTION
LIKE A NORMAL PERSON?
LOOK, I JUST NEED
A WIRE SOMETHING TO JIMMY IT.
OH, HEY...
ONE OF YOU GUYS GIVE ME
THE UNDER-WIRE
FROM YOUR BRA.
All:
WHAT?
WHO HAS THE BIGGEST BOOBS?
( exclaiming )
WHOEVER HAS THE BIGGEST BOOBS
HAS THE BIGGEST BRA
THEREFORE HAS
THE BIGGEST WIRE.
IF YOU WANT TO GET
BACK IN THE CAR
WE NEED THAT WIRE.
YOUR CALL.
OKAY, MONICA'S ARE
THE BIGGEST.
THESE TINY LITTLE
NON-BREASTS?
PLEASE.
IT'S GOT TO BE RACHEL.
NO, NO, NO.
MINE ARE DECEPTIVELY SMALL.
I MEAN, I ACTUALLY
SOMETIMES STUFF MY BRA.
OKAY, WELL, THEN YOUR BRA
WOULD STILL BE BIG.
NO, I STUFF...
OUTSIDE THE BRA.
LADIES, LADIES,
LET'S JUST COMPROMISE, OKAY?
PHOEBE, RACHEL,
TAKE OFF MONICA'S BRA.
OH, FORGET IT.
YOU CAN HAVE MINE.
THANK YOU.
CHANDLER,
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
THERE IS A TRASH CAN
RIGHT THERE.
WELL, I THOUGHT
IF I LITTERED
THAT CRYING INDIAN
MIGHT COME BY AND SAVE US.
OKAY, THERE.
THANK YOU, PHOEBE.
THAT'S VERY, VERY...
GENEROUS.
OKAY, NOW LET'S DECIDE
WHO HAS THE NICEST ASS.
AND THERE YOU GO!
YAY!
OH, CHANDLER...
AT LEAST LET ME SMOKE IT
TO THE GOOD PART.
Phoebe:
OKAY...
OH, NO.
WHAT?
W-WHAT'S GOING ON?
YEAH, THIS HAS
HAPPENED BEFORE.
SO, YOU KNOW HOW
TO FIX IT?
YEP. PUT MORE GAS IN.
( knock on door )
HI.
WHAT ARE YOU
DOING HERE?
OH, JUST... I WAS
JUST WONDERING.
WHEN YOU AND I SPLIT UP,
DID YOU GET THE TAPE
THAT WAS HALF THE LAST
EPISODE OF M.A.S.H.
AND HALF THE HOSTAGES
COMING HOME?
UH, YEAH, BUT NOW IT'S SUSAN
AND ME IN MEXICO
AND THE HOSTAGES COMING HOME.
WHERE'S BEN?
HE'S SLEEPING.
AH...
OOH...
IS THIS...
IS THIS A BAD TIME?
UH, YEAH, ACTUALLY.
SUSAN'S GOING TO BE HERE
ANY MINUTE.
IT'S KIND OF AN ANNIVERSARY.
OH... I THOUGHT YOU GUYS
GOT MARRIED IN JANUARY.
DIFFERENT KIND
OF ANNIVERSARY.
OH...
OH.
SO, ANYWAY...
CANDLES, CHAMPAGNE...
ANNIVERSARIES ARE GREAT.
( chuckles )
'CAUSE, YOU KNOW,
LOVE LASTS FOREVER, YOU KNOW?
NOTHING LIKE IT
IN THIS LIFETIME.
MONEY IN THE BANK.
SO, RACHEL AND I BROKE UP.
OH, GOD, ROSS,
I AM SO SORRY.
YEAH.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I WANT TO TALK TO YOU
ABOUT THIS SO MUCH
BUT WE SHOULD PROBABLY DO IT
WHEN WE CAN REALLY GET INTO IT.
YOU FREE FOR DINNER
TOMORROW NIGHT?
OH, YEAH, I'D LOVE THAT.
ME, TOO.
I GUESS IT ALL STARTED
WHEN RACHEL
GOT THIS NEW JOB.
OKAY, YEAH.
TRIPLE "A" CAN PICK US UP.
OH, GOOD.
JUST WHAT TOWN
ARE WE NEAR?
UM... FREMONT.
WESTMONT...
UM... WESTBURG?
OKAY, WHY ARE YOU ANSWERING?
DO YOU KNOW AT LEAST
WHAT ROUTE WE'RE ON?
WE ARE DEFINITELY
ON ROUTE 27.
OKAY.
WE ARE AT A REST STOP
ON ROUTE 27...
OKAY. THERE IS NO ROUTE 27.
OKAY, EITHER 93 OR 76.
I DON'T KNOW.
I SLEPT IN THE BACK
WHEN WE DROVE UP HERE.
HEY, CAN YOU JUST SEND
SOMEONE UP AND DOWN THE 76
AND JUST CHECK EVERY REST STOP?
AND, AND ALSO 93?
OKAY.
YEAH. NO,
THEY DON'T DO THAT.
OKAY, WELL, SOMEBODY
WILL COME AND SAVE US.
WHO?
HAVE YOU SEEN
A CAR COME BY
IN THE LAST HOUR?
WE SHOULD CALL ROSS.
HE CAN GET A CAR
TO PICK US UP.
NO.
NO, I AM NOT GETTING
IN A CAR WITH ROSS.
WE WILL JUST HAVE TO...
LIVE HERE.
COME ON, IT'S SO COLD...
NO, YOU GUYS.
I AM NOT GETTING
IN A CAR WITH HIM.
THINK OF SOMETHING ELSE.
OH, GOOD,
JOEY AND CHANDLER ARE BACK.
Monica:
SO THE GOING
FOR HELP WENT WELL.
SMOKEY JOE HERE
GOT HALFWAY TO THE HIGHWAY
AND COLLAPSED.
I HAVE THE LUNG CAPACITY
OF A TWO-YEAR-OLD.
THEN WHY ARE YOU
SMOKING?
WELL, IT'S VERY UNSETTLING.
RIGHT? RIGHT?
I MEAN, IT'S PRETTY
UNBELIEVABLE, YOU KNOW?
THEY JUST TOOK OFF...
TOOK OFF WITHOUT EVEN
LOOKING BACK.
YOU KNOW, I DON'T...
I DON'T NEED THEM.
I'VE GOT YOU GUYS NOW
AS FRIENDS--
YOU AND SUSAN.
AH, SUSAN WILL BE SO PLEASED.
( beeping )
SEVEN-ONE-SEVEN?
WHERE'S SEVEN-ONE-SEVEN?
'KAY, YOU HAVE
MORE OF THESE
FOR SUSAN, RIGHT?
NO, BUT THAT'S OKAY.
I'LL JUST PUT OUT PICKLES
OR SOMETHING.
( phone rings )
ROSS. THANK GOD.
Pheebs?
WHY ARE YOU WHISPERING?
I... ATE A BUG.
HEY, RACH...
THE TAMPONS HERE
ARE ONLY A PENNY.
LET'S STOCK UP.
LISTEN, WE RAN OUT OF GAS
AND WE DON'T KNOW WHERE WE ARE
SO WE CAN'T GET A TOW TRUCK.
OH. NOW YOU WANT A FAVOR.
YES, PLEASE.
WELL, I'M SORRY YOUR CAR
BROKE DOWN, PHEEBS
BUT I'M A LITTLE TOO BUSY
WITH SOME OF MY REAL FRIENDS
RIGHT NOW
BUT, UH, PLEASE CALL TO LET ME
KNOW YOU GOT HOME SAFELY...
PHOEBE, HANG ON
A SECOND.
HERE. TAKE MY CAR
GO PICK UP
YOUR FRIENDS.
I AM NOT GOING...
WE BOTH KNOW
YOU'RE GOING TO DO IT
'CAUSE YOU'RE NOT
A JERK, OKAY?
SO YOU CAN EITHER SULK HERE
FOR HALF AN HOUR
AND THEN GO PICK THEM UP
OR YOU CAN SAVE US BOTH TIME
AND SULK IN THE CAR.
NO. RACHEL DOESN'T WANT ME...
I AM SORRY THAT
RACHEL DUMPED YOU
'CAUSE SHE FELL IN LOVE
WITH THAT MARK GUY
AND YOU ARE THE
INNOCENT VICTIM
BUT DON'T PUNISH
YOUR FRIENDS
FOR WHAT RACHEL
DID TO YOU.
YEAH, YOU'RE RIGHT.
PHOEBE, HANG ON
A SECOND.
ROSS WANTS TO TELL
YOU SOMETHING.
WHAT?
YOU SLEPT WITH
SOMEONE ELSE?
WE WERE ON A BREAK!
WE WERE... WE...
WHERE ARE YOU?
I'LL FIND YOU.
YOU SLEPT WITH
ANOTHER WOMAN.
OH, Y-YOU'RE ONE TO TALK.
OKAY, DONE.
WHAT'S "PLEH?"
THAT'S "HELP"
SPELLED BACKWARDS
SO THAT THE HELICOPTERS
CAN READ IT FROM THE AIR.
AH...
WHAT'S "DUFUS"
SPELLED BACKWARDS?
OH! OH! CAR! CAR!
OHH...
IT'S ROSS ON ONE
OF HIS DRIVES!
HEY, HEY!
WHAT IS HE DOING HERE?
HE IS SAVING YOUR BUTT.
UNLESS, OF COURSE,
I'M STEPPING ON SOME TOES HERE
IN WHICH CASE I
CAN JUST MOSEY ON.
I'VE GOT PLENTY OF PEOPLE
TO HELP ON THE INTERSTATE.
( all talking )
FINE. FINE.
OH, NO.
NOW IT'S NOT GOING
TO MAKE ANY SENSE.
YOU GUYS...
WHAT DO WE DO ABOUT ROSS?
HE DROVE ALL
THE WAY UP HERE.
WHAT DO WE DO?
JUST, LIKE, SEND HIM BACK
AND THEN WE'RE GOING
TO GO SKIING.
OH, THIS IS HORRIBLE.
IT'S JUST HORRIBLE.
YOU GUYS THINK...
YOU THINK WE SHOULD
ASK ROSS TO COME ALONG?
BUT WHAT ABOUT RACHEL?
I MEAN, HOW ARE WE
GOING TO EVEN ASK HER?
ASK ME WHAT?
UM... IF, UH, IT MIGHT BE OKAY
IF ROSS CAME SKIING.
I WASN'T...
OH, NO, I WASN'T
GOING TO ASK THAT.
I WASN'T GOING
TO ASK THAT AT ALL.
YOU GUYS ARE
UNBELIEVABLE.
NO, HE CANNOT COME.
EXCUSE ME?
"IT'S HORRIBLE."
OH, PLEASE, CAN'T I COME
TO YOUR SPECIAL, MAGICAL CABIN?
WHY WOULD YOU EVEN WANT
TO COME, ROSS?
YOU'RE A HORRIBLE SKIER.
OH, OH... HITTING ME WHERE
IT HURTS-- MY SKI SKILLS.
HERE WE GO AGAIN.
I CAN'T HANDLE THIS, YOU GUYS.
YOU KNOW,
I CAN HANDLE IT.
"HANDLE" IS MY MIDDLE NAME.
ACTUALLY, IT'S THE...
MIDDLE PART OF MY FIRST NAME.
ALL RIGHT, PHEEBS.
THE CAB'S READY.
ALL RIGHT, LET'S GO.
YOU'RE WELCOME.
OH, I'M SORRY.
WERE YOU SPEAKING TO ME
OR SLEEPING
WITH SOMEONE ELSE?
WE WERE ON A BREAK.
YOU KNOW,
WHY DON'T YOU
JUST PUT THAT
ON YOUR ANSWERING
MACHINE?
HEY, IT'S VALID, OKAY?
AND I'M NOT THE ONLY ONE
WHO THINKS SO.
MONICA AGREES WITH ME.
WHAT?
I DON'T KNOW.
THAT'S WHAT YOU SAID
LAST NIGHT.
WHAT I SAID WAS,
WAS THAT I UNDERSTOOD.
JOEY IS THE ONE
WHO AGREED WITH YOU.
OKAY.
REALLY, JOEY?
WHAT?
YOU KNOW WHAT?
BUT THERE IS NO RIGHT
OR WRONG HERE.
NO, I THINK
IT'S VERY OBVIOUS
WHO'S WRONG HERE.
OBVIOUSLY NOT TO JOEY.
WHAT?
( all talking at once )
HEY, GUESS WHO I AM!
( all resume talking )
HEY, HEY, HEY!
HEY!
LOOK WHAT YOU'RE DOING
TO CHANDLER!
YEAH, LOOK,
WE KNOW THAT THIS
IS REALLY, REALLY HARD
FOR YOU GUYS, OKAY?
YOU DON'T...
YOU DON'T HAVE TO
LOVE EACH OTHER, OKAY?
YOU DON'T EVEN HAVE TO LIKE
EACH OTHER MUCH RIGHT NOW
BUT... PLEASE, YOU HAVE
TO FIGURE OUT A WAY
TO BE AROUND EACH OTHER.
YEAH, AND NOT PUT US
IN THE MIDDLE.
YEAH. OTHERWISE...
I MEAN, THAT'S JUST...
THAT'S IT FOR US
HANGING OUT TOGETHER.
YOU KNOW?
IS THAT WHAT YOU WANT?
( murmuring )
CAN YOU BE CIVIL?
YEAH.
I CAN.
Phoebe:
OKAY.
GOOD.
ALL RIGHT, LET'S
GET BACK IN THE CAR
'CAUSE IT'S FREEZING
AND MY CHEST IS UNSUPPORTED.
UH, W-WAIT A SECOND.
I MEAN, WHAT ARE WE DOING?
WHO'S GOING WITH WHO?
LOOK, YOU GUYS SHOULD...
YOU GUYS SHOULD GO.
NO, UM...
YOU KNOW,
YOU PLANNED THIS ALL OUT
AND...
I DON'T WANT TO RUIN IT
SO YOU GUYS SHOULD JUST GO.
COME ON, MAN.
YOU DROVE ALL
THE WAY UP HERE.
NO, NO, REALLY.
I'VE GOT TO TAKE
THE CAR BACK ANYWAY.
I'M SPENDING ALL DAY
TOMORROW WITH BEN.
IT'S FINE, OKAY?
JUST GO.
NO GUILT. I PROMISE.
THANK YOU.
Monica:
ALL RIGHT, WE'LL CALL YOU
WHEN WE GET BACK.
OKAY.
MAYBE WE CAN
GO TO A MOVIE.
OKAY.
OR THE RODEO!
THAT'D BE GREAT.
OKAY.
I WAS BEING SHELLY WINTERS
FROM THE POSEIDON ADVENTURE.
I KNOW.
( door closes )
Monica:
BYE!
( engine doesn't start )
( horn honking )
( doorbell ringing repeatedly )
( exasperated sigh )
ROSS!
HI. SORRY I'M LATE.
UH, WERE YOU SLEEPING?
UH... NO.
OH, GREAT. I WAS...
SO I HAD TO GET YOU
A WHOLE NEW BATTERY.
I GOT YOU THE BEST ONE
I COULD
BECAUSE THAT'S NOT WHERE
YOU WANT TO SKIMP.
YOU'RE A GENIUS, ROSS.
YEAH, WELL, IT CAME TO
ABOUT $112, BUT WHAT THE HELL
JUST CALL IT AN EVEN 110?
OKAY, I'LL PAY YOU
TOMORROW.
OKAY.
BYE.
SO, THEY, UH...
THEY ALL TOOK OFF.
IT WAS PRETTY HARD
WATCHING THEM GO, YOU KNOW?
YEAH, OKAY, BYE.
Ross:
SO I'M GOING TO TAKE OFF, THEN.
[Captioned by
The Caption Center
WGBH Educational Foundation]